Participant Employment Services Intake Report
Participant Name: Kyla Stevenson
Report Date: 01/28/2026
Report Prepared By: James Jones, Employment Specialist
Overview of Intake Process
Participant Kyla Stevenson successfully completed the Employment Services Intake on January 28, 2026. The intake process was designed to assess her current employment situation, review relevant documentation, and develop an Individual Service Plan (ISP) tailored to her job search needs and employment goals.
Summary of Completed Intake Services
Intake Completion Date:
Date: 01/28/2026
The intake process was initiated and completed, during which the participants background, employment history, and current needs were thoroughly reviewed.
Employment Goal (30-Day Focus)
Kyla would like to Obtain employment within 30 days.
Desired Job Titles:
Kyla’s long-term goal is to become a Producer. Her immediate goal is to be a project coordinator, not project manager because that takes experience in which she does not have. An entry level job as project coordinator or working in Media as a photographer with a non-profit organization. 
Industry Preference:
Kyla will work at non profit organizations, television stations anywhere there is media or photography.
Target Pay Range:
 Kyla would like to make a minimum of $20.00 per hour
Skills & Experience:
Kyla has multiple skills as a care giver, behavioral therapist, data entry operator, call center front desk clerk, customer service.
Trainings/School:
Kyla is currently is in her last year of school to obtain her Bachelors degree in Business Management (Entertainment).
Transferrable Skills:
Kyla has transferrable skills of Customer Service, Leadership and Supervision, Time Management, Communication, Problem Solving and Safety Awareness. 
Barriers to Employment:
Kyla has chronic illnesses and attendance sometimes maybe an issue because her illnesses are unpredictable. Kyla is moving in a career that does not have a lot of options for work in the AV area and may have to commute into the larger areas for work. 
30 Day Action Plan:
Kyla will take part in the Intake, Job Preparation Classes, and Job Search and have access to the NBO Job Developer.
Support Services Needed
Kyla states she needs the following services:
Transportation Assistance (gas)
Weekly Job Search Commitment
Kyla will: 
Apply to up to 25 jobs per week
Attend the job preparation classes
Meet with job developer weekly or as many times as needed
Preferred Contact Method:
Kyla requests all 3 ways to be contacted
Email (yes), Text (yes), Phone (yes).
Participants Strengths & Motivation
Kyla’s strength is that she pays attention to detail and is a very quick learner.
What helps you stay motivated
Kyla states what helps her stay motivated is her child.
Readiness to Work
Kyla states that on a scale from 1-10 she is work ready at a 10!!
Conclusion
We discussed Kyla’s previous work experience, highlighting skills, relevant roles, and areas for growth. She is currently enrolled in AVC in a photography class and also in her last year of obtaining her Bachelors degree in Business Administration (entertainment). Kyla’s employment goal is to become a professional producer and before transitioning she is looking to become a project coordinator or a photographer, working in media, film, or with a non-profit agency looking for entry level positions in these areas. Kyla’s previously work experience is in the customer service and caregiving fields in which she does not want to go back to work in those areas. She is willing to commute to where the work is if necessary. Kyla has an updated resume and she quit applying for jobs, but when she was applying she submitted at least 5 applications a day and did not interview for any media jobs. She states it’s been a little discouraging. Kyla is looking to work full-time or part-time hopefully with a agency that pays benefits and wages no less than $20.00 an hour, she is excited to go to work somewhere and she has shown strong engagement during the intake process. Kyla understands the next steps involved is her employment prep training, job search and meeting up with her job developer. Kyla has agreed to the goals and time frames outlined in the ISP. Her progress will be closely monitored, and she will receive continued support with job placement and retention services.
The next follow-up meetings is scheduled for 2:30 p.m. @ New Beginnings Outreach to begin his Employment Prep classes. Kyla’s schedule at a glance:
Monday – Feb 2, 2026
Fair Chance Hiring
Resume Writing
Impact of earning on benefits (TTW, TANF, Cal-works)
Transportation

Tuesday – Feb 3, 2026
Interviewing Techniques
Mock Interviews/video recordings

Wednesday – Feb 4, 2026
Work behaviors, relating to co-workers/supervisor
Work practices, being on-time, reporting illness, proper use and treatment of company equipment.

Thursday – Feb 5, 2026
Hygiene & Grooming
Work Attire
Uniforms
Master Application

James Jones
Employment Specialist
New Beginning Outreach
